#Image-Dataset-from-Complex-Chemistry

Complex chemical systems (CCSs) are the most common form of matter in nature. The study of the CCS involves various fields, including biology, chemistry, environment, food, medicine and so on. In the past, via controlling variables and simplifying systematic structures, some researchers attempted to use some precision instruments to analyze the CCS. However, as the number of research dimensions increases, traditional paradigms based on methodological reductionism has failed to help us get accurate effects or behaviors of CCS. At the same time, current expensive apparatus and tedious analytical methods also restricted the researchers to reveal the nature of CCS in many cases. Therefore, we can see that the challenges for CCS analysis come from the fact that complexity of research objects and the lack of adequate research methods for this complexity.

  As an adept handling complicated objects, artificial intelligence represented by machine learning (ML) has brought many revolutionary applications in many fields, like computer-aided drug design, disease detection, periodic table prediction, complex toxicity analysis and so on. That’s largely thanks to the excellent algorithms, efficient hardware platforms and accumulated various data for long time. Obviously, the introduction of ML will radically accelerate the exploration of many fields involving CCS analysis. Although existing multifarious algorithms are widely used, in the practice, it was difficult for many researchers to generate meaningful CCS data in a short time for satisfying “data-driven learning” of ML. So in the future, it will be an important work for many researchers to find some efficient data carriers for linking a large amount of CCSs with machine learning.
  
  Over the past five years, our team tried to explain some similarities between the complex matter networks in CCS and the AI networks; and give some suggestions to combine the two networks on the view of data mining. In this process, we have successfully constructed a high-speed path between CCS and AI analysis; and proposed many strategies to create new data from for extracting complex material information. These data includes high-throughput enzyme reaction images for toxicity prediction of CCS, fluorescence/color fingerprints for characterizing complex solutions, and some color spectrums for extracting the optical properties of CCS, etc. And the results showed that a well-trained ML model based on these images could easily help us open the door to CCS analysis.
  
  This repository is a data support for our paper under submission. To advance the research, we will fully demonstrate our progresses, and share our data sets including image sets and their labels. With the deepening of research, we will keep updating the data. And we look forward to more algorithmic experts to help us improve the utilization efficiency of these data. Wish you can join our discussion.
  
  In the paper, we obtained four datasets from the mixed systems I-IV. These datasets were uploaded to four branches:
  (1) “dataset-EP3w" (ultrapure water system): image set (i.e., “imageset-2,400W.rar”) gathered from 2,400 3-dimensional EP3 samples, and their labels (i.e., "Table S4.xlsx”);
  (2) “dataset-AA8"(ultrapure water system): image set (i.e., “imageset-12,000.rar”) gathered from 12,000 8-dimensional AA samples, and their labels (i.e., "Table S5.xlsx”); 
  (3) “dataset-AA5”(human urine system): image set (i.e., “imageset-6,000.rar”) gathered from 6,000 5-dimensional AA samples, and their labels (i.e., "Table S6.xlsx”); 
  (4) “dataset-EP3s (soil solution system)”: image set (i.e., “imageset-2,400S.rar”) gathered from 2,400 3-dimensional EP3 samples, and their labels (i.e., "Table S7.xlsx”).
